yeah
food has been pretty minimal in
the canyon here so i'm heading
to this other creek area hoping
to do some fishing
and I'm also just interested to
get into a new area
try to find some other food
sources and just get out and
explore a little bit for a
little adventure
victory is short-lived in the
wilds of Arizona's canyons for
desert Nomad Tobias
it's only as good as his last
meal out here there's no surplus
there's no having abundance for
the future
it's really just trying to
figure it all out I think
there's other places where what
I'm trying to do would be easier
there's just kind of more
abundance of the kind of food
that humans need to survive
for humans this is a tough
environment
yeah I think I've always been
drawn to traditional skills and
I didn't always know what that
meant or what it looked like
as a kid I was always trying to
go out and hunt and gather in
the woods I just wasn't very
successful but now that i have
more exposure to that kind of
understand that what I was
interested in was his
prehistoric skills that really
paved the way for all other
humans
I hear water
excited to go get a drink
yeah
made it with a water source
you just get all this diversity
of life I'm hoping that this
area is more abundant for
finding food
oh my goal is to get some fish
today hopefully so gonna make a
sphere looking for a spear
fishing spear and this thicket
of willow has a nice tall
straight pieces like take a poll
kind of like this and split the
end open the spear is really
easy to make
so it's something simple i
didn't have to carry it with me
and they're pretty effective and
really low-tech so simple is
better
so this is probably 10 feet
which is not bad
and now what I'm going to do is
try to split this and into
fourths so it'll basically
become like a four-pronged spear
ok so i put this in it will
spread those apart that pretty
good
this we're good now i just need
to find some fish